# Video Game Sales

## About the Author

### Praveen Kumar Neelappa

Graduate Student | Data Science Program

Mercyhurst University



## This project is submitted to

### Dr.Bora Pajo, PhD

Assistant Professor | Applied Sociology and Social Work

Mercyhurst University

As requirement to complete 
DATA 550 Data Visualization
as part of Master of Science in Data Science

## About the Dataset

This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.
Fields include

Rank - Ranking of overall sales

Name - The games name

Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

Year - Year of the game's release

Genre - Genre of the game

Publisher - Publisher of the game

NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)

EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)

JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)

Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.

Source : https://www.kaggle.com/gregorut/videogamesales/data

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Project Explaination](#Project-explaination)
- [License](#license)

## Background

As part of our course, we were given a choice to select a dataset and run visualization with following instruction

1) Select a dataset of your own choice (simple, complicated, whatever your level of comfort is.

2) Chop the dataset using pandas to fit whatever visualization you have in mind.

3) Clean the dataset and drop missing values - if needed

4) Create two different types of visualization - minimum. Your choice, just make sure they are different kinds - (for example a bar chart and a pie, but not two pies).

5) You can have more visualizations if you want

6) Make sure your readme file is perfect!

7) Submit on github and kaggle (if using kaggle datasets), just github if you are using data from other sources like drivedata.org or other census data.

I selected video game sales to investigate which type of Genre is most sold and also furhter investigate the number of sales varaition through years.

## Install

This project uses Python which is run using Anaconda through jyputer.

It requires two packages

pandas

matplotlib

## Usage

This project is submitted to

### Dr.Bora Pajo, PhD

Assistant Professor | Applied Sociology and Social Work

Mercyhurst University

As requirement to complete 
DATA 550 Data Visualization
as part of Master of Science in Data Science


## Project Explaination


                                     
## License
